tell us in terms of what the target is
going to be with this new regime and
what sort of companies you're looking to
attract.
>> Well, we have our best uh IPO uh market
in the last quarter uh rank uh within
the top 10 globally. But companies has
been telling us that uh if there's an
additional pathway to uh connect uh US
to Asia and uh allowing better access
into a global capital they would like to
look at it and I think there are many uh
tech growth companies in this part of
the world they are ready for the IPO
market and we know what it was like uh
in the previous uh few years. So this uh
pathway together with uh NASDAQ allows
for tech high growth companies to tap
both the global capital and uh with the
Asian Nexus. We're excited we're getting
domestic uh support. There is going to
be more pots of uh preIPO cornerstone
that uh issuers can look forward to.
>> So h how are things going to work
operationally and and when does when
does the when does the new connection
launch? So this will be a harmonized
crossber listing framework, okay, with a
streamline regulatory obligations across
two markets and a simplified review
process. So it's one set of documents
that the issuer will have to uh prepare
and uh we're hoping to uh get this going
by the middle of next year subject
directory approval and uh announcing it
at this point in time is to get
companies attention for them to prepare.
Bunch I I think about the ones that got
away like the ones like Grab like the
ones that see that decided to live list
overseas. Is this a you know is this
going to be the mechanism for them to
come home and and have you heard
anything?
>> Well there are many more the unicorns in
this part of the world the VCs pees who
need to get their company ready for IPO
once a cluster is being built up uh
we'll show there'll be companies coming
knocking at our door.
>> Right. Have you have you worked out some
of the initial numbers? What are your
initial expectations on
>> financially and tangibly how the
business is going to feel the positive
impact of this?
>> We have in the last few months uh
embarked on uh deep broad consultation
with the ecosystem. Uh companies who are
looking for IPO tell us that this is
something they're looking forward to. uh
post announcements we've gotten uh many
positive uh reaction and I think this
will just supplement and complement
importantly our IPO market has seen a
turnaround in the last couple of months.
>> Yeah. I take a look at a day like today
where Nvidia news is basically lifting
some of the likes of Taiwan, Korea,
Japan, Hong Kong. Singapore does get
left out when when there is this sort of
tech and AI euphoria. [snorts] Beyond
just this news though, do you think
there's any other ways that you can
mitigate sort of the outflow situation
uh given the fact that you know there's
so many tech heavy benchmarks out there
that you have to compete with? Now
>> we have uh 2.4 billion uh dollars being
raised uh in the IPO market in the third
quarter across uh different companies
including some uh SAS uh company a US
NASDAQ list company that also did
placement in Singapore. I think we have
a very strong foundation to build upon
and uh we're knocking uh at each other's
door bilaterally uh companies with us
and us with the companies.
>> What about Chinese companies? Have you
been getting any sort of interest in
Chinese companies wanting to list in in
Singapore?
>> One of the strength of SGX is we have
multiple listing pathways including
those for Chinese companies. Chinese
companies in particular with a Southeast
Asia or Asia Nexus expanding their
footprint outside of China. We have a
platform ready for that.
>> Right. And the I think just to build on
what Ivonne and you mentioned of course
the a lot of the big tech and unicorns
that are looking to list in Southeast
Asia. I mean I just look around on the
way from the airport. You really feel
that this is really an innovative city
and I and I wonder whether the
representation within the index itself
and what the exchange is looking to do
to enhance
>> the tech and AI representation within
the market.
>> Yeah. build sector aside. We've taken
the big step uh to have uh what we call
the next 50 index which will really
capture
>> many of these companies not just uh tech
unicorn but in the space where their
size may be overlooked because they're
not in the index and we're ready to try
and include some of these companies.
>> Okay.
>> Yeah. I I mean talk a bit more of the
rest of of the business here in terms of
the pipeline you mentioned about it's
one of the best IPO markets you've seen
in six years or so. What is the pipeline
looking like so far for next year?
>> Well, we have uh over the 30 uh
companies in the uh pipeline and that's
growing and pipeline for us is defined
as companies who are working with
advisers preparing for an IPO on SGX and
uh with news like that with work that's
been done by the broader ecosystem
through the review group. We are hopeful
uh that our pipeline will continue to
grow and importantly making sure it's an
efficient process for issuers.
>> Looking at next year, what specific
targets do you have for the business
including discounting of course this new
connection that's going to kick in
middle of next year? How much growth do
you see in the overall business? Come
next Monday uh we're launching a
institutional grade uh perpetual uh
futures and uh that's to create the uh
regulated plumbing for institutional
investors looking to access the uh
crypto market. We're also expanding uh
our FX business. We have guided uh uh
revenue growth uh over the medium-term
of 6 to 8%. Okay. Well, I think there
are many opportunities for us to be able
to hopefully outperform.
>> Uh, in terms of investments, I mean, you
you've mentioned before you're
interested in maybe some acquisitions.
>> Yeah.
>> Can you tell us a bit more? I mean, what
what sort of targets are you looking at
right now?
>> People are very curious about this.
[laughter]
>> Well, uh, we we have a multi asset
platform for access in Asia. the the
global investors uh to this part of the
world that has really served our
participants very well across FX,
equities, derivatives, commodities and
importantly also freight which is really
a important risk management to today in
uh the uh uncertainty around trade. So
we'll be looking to build upon our
strength whether that's commodities or
even some of the asset classes.
>> Do you have a ballpark for how much
you're willing to spend?
>> We have a strong balance sheet.
>> Okay. Well, that's public information.
So, we're going to we're going to have a
look at them, [laughter] see how much
you can allocate towards that. Let's
speak again soon.